1. suppose there are n number of employee in application n we have to write query for 
   update the salary of each employee by 20%.

   update employee
   set salary = salary + (salary * 20.0/ 100);

2. What is ngSwitch and how we can use it.
3. How many ways we can access data from sever n put it into JSON file.
4. suppose there are 2 services n data also different how we call this on one component.
5. How component can communicate with each other.
6. What is Service ?
7. what is event emiter ?
7. component Life cycle in Angular ?
8. JS equality operator..
9. VIMP question is HOW upload data/How receive Data.
10. What is your previous organisation experience.

   10. ==> Presently i work as Angular Developer in Mestro Intellect Private Ltd.
           We have 6 people in my team including me. I work on Angular 7 and used 
           HTML5. We create an UI of this Web Application In difffernt module.
           We use git for shceduling your work.
           We work on Metromonia project write now. In this project the user can register 
           some of there infor upload photoes and share there profile to all over web.
           
           I join this organisation in october octo. to November i work on simple UI
           project . from January till date i used Angular 7.


Q. How do you structure your CSS and JavaScript to make it easier for other developers to work with?

 ===> I organise my code stylesheet with each section for each site component. Each section has comment
      throughout the code so other Developer can change it. 




See We can write your business logic in service n suppose you want some info in your app. that info wants 
share in other component depending on the requirment.
----The best wway is a Angular Seriveces. 
. See your local application does't have that much/ sutable/ as we wish data in there database.
 eg. 1 Someone wants to make a webportal for whether report for this he wants a data from whole universal.
 at that situation he don't need to put his own sensor in whole universe. 
 --- some is already done this work n they have this information in there database. we only need to do one 
 thing is make request for a data.
 -- At this condition we need to communicate with service for data Retrival. in this condition for Accessing 
 Data there are some protocol we have to use.
 ... We can write these protocol in services fetch the data from server n then used that data in your 
 component where you want.


In Angular there are some steps: 
1. Creating Service for HTTP request.
2. Getting Responce back.
3. Casting Responce to interface.
  
  ---- step 1. Like Every other Module for data accessing from server there is one module HttpClient module
  we need to import it your module file.
  - We make http request to the server for data.
  - The Http request will hit web API/ Server which will fetch a data from database & it back as Http Responce.
  - An responce from a server is called an obervable
        step 2. Inject this module in your service as dependency.
        step 2. make reference of This service in constructor.
        step 3. make 1 variable in service class an asign a URL as string to that so that by using this we 
                can access your data in future.
        step 4. In the Get Request we use ths URL for Accessing Data

    


Q.  Explain What Is The Lazy Loading ?


https://www.wisdomjobs.com/e-university/front-end-developer-interview-questions.html



What is API ?? Application programming Interface.

==> Login with the Facebook , Login with the Google,  Login with instagram


API is code written by some other developer/ we don't care about that , how it is written, in 
which language it is written, ...You can just use there code for your work purpose. we use this in your 
application.

Simple Example is suppose we want create your whether application we don't need to set a sattelite 
everywhere in the world/universe n then your sensor gives you the present data time to time
  -- where is rain/where is mansoon etc etc.
  We don't need to do this some people are already done this we can only there API.
  .. Some of API are free like Facebook. 
  ...Some are paid like Google Database

Error -- Access-control-origin-allow 






    Routing - All Web Application are connected to each other using the Navigation . in HTML we use href to
              make a hyperlink n by JavaScript we use ...Window.location.
            -- The Angular Provides New facility it's prity easy andd without reloading its link to other 
            page or changes the data/Navigation.
    If we want to do Angular project using routing facility then at time of project creation the command line 
    ask that whether we want to peform routing.
    --- If we click to yes then it will create a separate fiel called routing.module.ts we do your logic 
    in that file.

    we have to give all routs info in route Array 
    it takes 2 paraemeter. 1st one is path name that you want to render in url n second iss 
    component name that we have to with.

    -- soppose there are various component in your application n you perform routing on this n suppoose 
    user give some wrong path name then we have handal such situation.
    -- this rout are called wild car rout -- if user gives a wrong n componet will not prsent 
    then we give to Navigation to page not found component.

    step 1. create component page-not-found
            - Give a msg - Page Not found in that component
    step 2. Add the {path: '**', component:pagenotfoundCompponent},
            pathe in routing.module.ts.
            Note: wildcart route should always the last route in the configuration.
    





Angular Life Cycle Hook:   
                          Component is initialised after the constroctor is get called.
                - First Thing or Method called Is OnInit.
                - After That Docheck() Method will get Called- Any changes in the browser it will get 
                called.
                -AfterContentInit() : It will initialised all the content which  will be injected in the view.
                      - Which we can see in browser like text, images , table etc.
                -AfterViewInit() : How it Can be renderd , The data assign to HTML and those things 
                get called.
                -AfterContentChecked(): If New Component gets Called Same process goes like for this component
                also.

                              or
                -Every Component has a life cycle which is managed by Angular.
                - Angular creates it, renders it, creates and renders it's Children, Check it when 
                it's data bound properties Change, and destroyes it before it removing it from the development
                -Angular offers lifecycle hooks that 

                - First Thing that will be executed is constroctor of the particular component
                - After that we can see the following things get executed.
                1. ngOnChanges
                2. ngOnInit : It it is the life cycle for that component/ This method get called after constroctor.
                3. ngOnDestroy() : when we goes from one component and perform routing this method
                will get executed.

                4. ngAfterContetntInit(): 
                5. ngAfterViewInit():


    Good Morning sir, Myself Kiran i'belongs to Aurangabad, i have 1 year an Jr Front End developer in 
    Maestro Intellect pvt ltd.
    In my current company work 3 month on JavaScript, HTML, CSS based web Application and since last 10 month 
    i work as Angular developer.
    Right now I work on Matromonia project. In that project we are 6 people including me. I specially
    work on UI development using angular in this project.


What is you Biggests Weakness??
-
    I have two greatest weaknesses. The first is my inability to share responsibilities. The second is 
    remaining patient during group projects. I want to be in control. I don’t trust others with work I
     know I can do better. So, if I have to share a task, I lose my patience when I suspect that the
      other person isn’t doing it right. I’ve discussed these weaknesses with my supervisor as areas 
      I’d like to improve. We’ve set up a timeline and goals for me to achieve. I’ve enrolled in several
       team building workshops and a volunteer group. I’m learning to let go and trust others. My
        supervisor complimented me on my progress.

Why should We Hire you ?

“Well, I have all of the skills and experience that you’re looking for and I’m confident that I would 
be a superstar in this project management role.It’s not just my background leading successful projects
for top companies —  or my people skills, which have helped me develop great relationships with developers, vendors, and senior managers alike. But I’m also passionate about this industry and I’m driven to deliver high-quality work.”







